
We thank the reviewers for carefully reading our paper and providing
valuable feedback. In the new version of the paper, we implemented
their suggestions and made the following main changes:

1. We added a new Section 7, where we describe some details of the
Agda formalization. In particular, we discuss the datatypes employed
for the representation of formulae, sequents and equivalence of
derivations, and explain how the results presented in the paper
translate to Agda types and terms.

2. We made the paper more self-contained, by adding in Section 2
(after the description of the inference rule of the sequent calculus)
a few sentences explaining why SkNMILL is a "semi-associative and
semi-unital" logic.

3. We prove a stronger version of interpolation, where the condition
on variables involves the count of variable occurrences. The associated
formal proof has also been added to the Agda formalization.

Below we comment on more specific remarks made by each reviewer.

-----------------------

Reviewer 1

1. The plural form (“logics”) in the title is a bit misleading, since
the authors consider only one such logic, SkNMILL.

** Fixed.

2. The font used for SkNMILL is for some strange reason different from
the one used to name other logics: FL, LK.

** We changed the font of the other logics, now the font is uniform.

3. On p. 2, the lowermost paragraph: “some of its fragment” should be
“some of its fragments.” Also, here one should more carefully
formulate the antecedent partition condition in the case when the
system becomes commutative (i.e., FL_e ). In this case, in order for
induction to work, Γ should be partitioned into Γ_0 and Γ_1 as a
multiset (ignoring the order).

** Fixed typo.

4. On p. 3: a strange linebreak btw. lines 3 and 4; on line 8, “a
derivation h i ” should be “derivations.”

** Fixed.

5. On p. 3, line 12: better replace “conjunction” with “product” or
“multiplicative conjunction.”

** Fixed.

6. On p. 3, along with the discussion which direction of associativity
holds, and which does not, please include similar notes for
unitality. Also, the terms “semi-associativity” and “semi-unitality”
should be explained before being used.

** We added notes for unitality and removed the terms
"semi-associativity" and "semi-unitality" here.

7. The notation A ( B (p. 5 and further) is a bit misleading, since it
is the right division, where A stands to the right: B/A. Maybe, B o- A
would be a better notation. (I do not urge the authors to change the
notation, as -o was already used before in [12], but a remark would be
welcome here.)

** We added a clarification on the notation in the end of item 4 at
page 6.

8. On p. 6, the third paragraph (“SkNMILL can be seen...”) is a bit
hard to understand, please clarify. (In particular, it is unclear why
one should remove ⊗ and I from the system.)

** You are right, there is no reason to remove ⊗ and I. We have
revised the sentence.

9. On p. 13, line 2: replace ≤ with ⊆; line 3: “in” should be “for”
and “lays” should be “lies;” lines −8 and −7: better write “Maehara
interpolation fails because neither the additive not the
multiplicative conjunction is present.”

** Fixed.

10. On p. 20, Theorem 6: the definition of what A -o C being provable
means should be put before the formulation of the theorem, not inside
its proof.

** We added the definition.

11. There are some issues with the list of references. First, there is
a standard problem with BibTEX aggressively making letters lowercase,
even where it is inappropriate: in personal names (Beth, Gentzen,
Lambek, etc.) and names of calculi (MILL). Second, there are question
marks instead of some data in some of the references to lecture notes
volumes (e.g., [12], [17], [20]). In [26], “Alizaseh” should be
“Alizadeh.”

** Fixed.

12. I would also like to suggest to add some references, as
follows. For the proof of interpolation for the Lambek calculus (in a
strong version, with variable counts), Pentus refers to the following
thesis by Roorda: D. Roorda. Resource Logics: Proof-theoretical
Investigations.  PhD thesis, Fac. Math. and Comp. Sc., University of
Amsterdam, 1991. This reference would be appropriate in the present
article too. For a more global perspective, the authors could also
consult the following recent article: A. A. Tabatabai,
R. Jalali. Universal proof theory: Semi-analytic rules and Craig
interpolation. Ann. Pure Appl. Logic, 176(1), 103509, 2025

** Thanks for pointing out these relevant references, we have added
them in appropriate places.

-----------------------

Reviewer 2

Page 2
When we mention Nonassociative Lambek Calculus, it is worth to cite
the original Lambek paper where he introduced this calculus.

** We added a citation to Lambek'61 when we first mention NL.

Line 7 from the top: "Substructural logics have **been** proved..."

** Fixed typo.

Paragraph 4: It's worth to mention the results for NL, if known.

** The Maehara interpolation property holds also in NL (we have a
proof of this fact in Agda), but we could not find a reference of this
result in the literature...  There exist proofs of other interpolation
theorems for NL, with the variable condition replaced by a certain
complexity condition (as e.g. in Buszkowski "Lambek Calculus with
Nonlogical Axioms" and other papers by the same author),with the goal
of showing that categorial grammars are context-free.  Since we
couldn't find a reference, we prefer to remove the sentence
altogether.

Page 6
The end of last line: "**of** n".

** Fixed typo.

Page 8
I would not treat the paragraph under Proposition 1 as proof. It's
only the description of the proof. I would delete "Proof" for clarity.

** Removed "Proof"

General note to section 3:
We have many big figures. I would move them all to the end of the
section, because now we can have like one or two lines of text on the
page with a figure, which is unreadable.

** Figures have been re-positioned to avoid the "page with big figure +
small text" issue.

Page 12
Line 8 in the section 4: "two different **forms** of interpolation"

** Fixed typo.

Page 20
Line 11 from the bottom: "This **is** in fact what..."

** Fixed typo.

