Major

1. More emphasis on Agda formalization

** TODO

2. Proof of multiplicity condition

** TODO

-----------------------

Minor

1. The plural form (“logics”) in the title is a bit misleading, since
the authors consider only one such logic, SkNMILL.

** TODO

2. The font used for SkNMILL is for some strange reason different from
the one used to name other logics: FL, LK.

** TODO

3. On p. 2, the lowermost paragraph: “some of its fragment” should be
“some of its fragments.” Also, here one should more carefully
formulate the antecedent partition condition in the case when the
system becomes commutative (i.e., FL_e ). In this case, in order for
induction to work, Γ should be partitioned into Γ_0 and Γ_1 as a
multiset (ignoring the order).

** TODO

4. On p. 3: a strange linebreak btw. lines 3 and 4; on line 8, “a
derivation h i ” should be “derivations.”

** TODO

5. On p. 3, line 12: better replace “conjunction” with “product” or
“multiplicative conjunction.”

** TODO

6. On p. 3, along with the discussion which direction of associativity
holds, and which does not, please include similar notes for
unitality. Also, the terms “semi-associativity” and “semi-unitality”
should be explained before being used.

** TODO

7. The notation A ( B (p. 5 and further) is a bit misleading, since it
is the right division, where A stands to the right: B/A. Maybe, B o- A
would be a better notation. (I do not urge the authors to change the
notation, as -o was already used before in [12], but a remark would be
welcome here.)

** TODO

8. On p. 6, the third paragraph (“SkNMILL can be seen...”) is a bit
hard to understand, please clarify. (In particular, it is unclear why
one should remove ⊗ and I from the system.)

** TODO

9. On p. 13, line 2: replace ≤ with ⊆; line 3: “in” should be “for”
and “lays” should be “lies;” lines −8 and −7: better write “Maehara
interpolation fails because neither the additive not the
multiplicative conjunction is present.”

** TODO

10. On p. 20, Theorem 6: the definition of what A -o C being provable
means should be put before the formulation of the theorem, not inside
its proof.

** TODO

11. There are some issues with the list of references. First, there is
a standard problem with BibTEX aggressively making letters lowercase,
even where it is inappropriate: in personal names (Beth, Gentzen,
Lambek, etc.) and names of calculi (MILL). Second, there are question
marks instead of some data in some of the references to lecture notes
volumes (e.g., [12], [17], [20]). In [26], “Alizaseh” should be
“Alizadeh.”

** TODO

12. I would also like to suggest to add some references, as
follows. For the proof of interpolation for the Lambek calculus (in a
strong version, with variable counts), Pentus refers to the

** TODO
