Reviewer #2:

The article "Craig Interpolation for Semi-Substructural Logics"
explores the Craig interpolation property within the framework of
SkNMILL, a semi-substructural logic characterized by a directed notion
of associativity and unitality. The authors highlight that traditional
methods, such as Maehara's, fail in this context, necessitating
modifications to recover the interpolation property.

The paper provides two key contributions: (1) an adaptation of
Maehara's method to prove Craig interpolation for SkNMILL, and (2) a
proof-relevant version of the interpolation theorem from a
category-theoretic perspective, where interpolation procedures act as
right inverses to admissible cut rules. This novel approach reflects
deeper interactions between logical derivations and categorical
structures.

Additionally, the work formalizes its findings using the proof
assistant Agda, offering a robust foundation for further study. The
results enrich the understanding of substructural logics and open
avenues for their application in syntax, programming, and
resource-sensitive computation.

All the proofs are correct and are checked by Agda, which gives
additional credibility. Of course, I checked them all "by hand". The
results are interesting and important for further research. The
following comments are minor typos and suggestions for better reading
experience.

Page 2
When we mention Nonassociative Lambek Calculus, it is worth to cite
the original Lambek paper where he introduced this calculus.

** Added citation to Lambek'61 in first mention of NL

Line 7 from the top: "Substructural logics have **been** proved..."

** Fixed typo

Paragraph 4: It's worth to mention the results for NL, if known.

** The Maehara interpolation property holds also in NL (we have a
proof of this fact in Agda), but we could not find a reference of this
result in the literature.  There exist proofs of other interpolation
theorems for NL, with the variable condition replaced by a certain
complexity condition (as in Buszkowski "Lambek Calculus with
Nonlogical Axioms" and other subsequent papers by the same author),
with the goal of showing that categorial grammars are context-free.
Since we couldn't find a reference, we prefer to remove the sentence.

Page 6
The end of last line: "**of** n".

** Fixed typo

Page 8
I would not treat the paragraph under Proposition 1 as proof. It's
only the description of the proof. I would delete "Proof" for clarity.

** Removed "Proof"

General note to section 3:
We have many big figures. I would move them all to the end of the
section, because now we can have like one or two lines of text on the
page with a figure, which is unreadable.

** Figures have been repositioned to avoid the "page with big figure + small text" issue

Page 12
Line 8 in the section 4: "two different **forms** of interpolation"

** Fixed typo

Page 20
Line 11 from the bottom: "This **is** in fact what..."

** Fixed typo
